Created GitHub Repo for Nature of Code with README.md
Cloned Repo to local machine
Created Chapter 0 and 1 folder with index.html and sketch.js files in each
Changes staged using git add., commited using git commit -m "Describing changes" and pushed to GitHub using git push
This process will be shortened in the future documentation as: Pushed changes to GitHub
Installed "Live Server" for VS Code
Created Documentation.txt to keep a clear record of my workflow and pushed it to GitHub
Configured both index.html files to run JS sketches via Content Delivery Network (CDN) on Live Server for live preview and editing
Organized project with main dashboard, chapter dashboards, and individual HTML files for each JS sketch with CDN, enabling structured navigation and live preview
Removed .DS_Store from repository (accidentally pushed it to GitHub from local machine)
On GitHub created .gitignore and added .DS_Store to prevent future accidental pushes
Pulled the changes from GitHub to local machine
Started working on sketch1 according to the first example in the book "Nature of Code". Tested results via live server and pushed to GitHub.
Added comments to the index.html files for easier understanding.
Restructured the repo and indexing, added "Walker", "Random Number Distribution" and "Excercise" folder. Finished all walker.js files (4 directions, 9 directions integers, 9 directions floating).
Finished Random Number Distribution.js task.
Created folder, .txt and index.html file for the solution of the Drawing Aces excercise.
Solved the excercise. Tried to open it via Live Server, didn´t work. Realised .txt cannot be displayed that way. Converted .txt into .js file. Nothing showed. Spent hours trying different solutions.
Questioned my life and took a break.
Found a solution for the Aces.js file issue, tested via Live Server, everything worked. Happy life!
Completed Biased Walker Mouse Position excercise, created corresponding files.
Completed Gaussian Paint Splatter Simulation excercise, created corresponding files. 
Completed Gaussian Walker excercise, created corresponding files.
Completed Quadratic Step Random Walker excercise, created corresponding files.
Completed Perlin Noise Random Walker excercise, created corresponding files.
Completed Exploring Perlin Noise excercise, created corresponding files.
Completed Animated 2D Perlin Noise excercise, created corresponding files.
Completed Animated 2D Landscape excercise, created corresponding files.